# Description

The cars in the city can move North, South, East, or West. There will be some obstacles, such as buildings, road closings, etc.If a car crashes into a buildingor road closure, SpeedRacerhas to pay $100. You know the locations of these, and they will not change over time. You also spend $1 for gas each time you move. The cars will start fromagiven SpeedRacerparking lot, and will end at another parking lot. When you arrive at your destination parking lot, you will receive $100. Your goal is to make the most money1over time with the greatest likelihood. Your cars haveafaulty turning mechanism, so they havea chance of going in a direction other than the one suggested by your model. Theywill go in the correct direction 70% of the time(10% in each other direction, including along borders).The first part of your task is to design an algorithm that determines where your cars should try to go in each city grid location givenyour goal of making the most money. Then, to make sure that this is a good algorithm when you present it to the rest of your board, you should simulate the car moving through the city grid. To do this, you will use your policy from your start location. You will then check to see if the car went in the correct direction using a random number generator with specific seeds to make sure you can reproduce your output. You will simulate your car moving through the city grid 10 timesusing the random seeds 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9. You will report the meanover these 10 simulations as an integer after using the floor operation(e.g., numpy.floor(meanResult)).An example of this process is given in detail below.

# To Do

1. This is a Markov Decision Process problem.
2. We need to find the best policy for all the states and simulate each car and record the points we get.